URL: https://medium.com/@gigalogy/dont-feel-guilty-for-being-a-fashion-addict-anymore-7eedb8873a4

Title: Don’t feel guilty for being a fashion addict anymore | by Gigalogy | Medium

Content:
Open in app
Sign up
Sign in
Write
Don’t feel guilty for being a fashion addict anymore
Gigalogy
·
Follow
1 min read
·
Oct 26, 2022
--
Have you always dreamed of making money during your shopping?
It seems your dream has come true…
Doozie is a fashion lovers’ community, where people can share their shopping experiences, find inspiration through a gamified and personalized journey, and spread their vision of style 🔥
By fulfilling offers while shopping online, users will receive money!
How does it work?
Users get rewarded for contributing to this community & for their creativity in Doozie Token (DZT), a token built on the Stellar network 💎
With DZT we want to create harmony among users, contributors, and businesses that not only solves the issues existing reward programs fail to address but also maximizes user satisfaction and brand loyalty.
We need your precious input to build the best user experience possible, matching your needs and expectations.
Answer our survey and win $10 worth of DZTs! 💸Want to be the first one to test our new app? 🚀 Let us know at the end of the survey.
This new shopping era is coming end of the year. Follow us on instagram to stay tuned:
#web3 #blockchain #giveway #doozietoken #DZT #crypto #cryptoreward #defi
Sign up to discover human stories that deepen your understanding of the world.
Free
Distraction-free reading. No ads.
Organize your knowledge with lists and highlights.
Tell your story. Find your audience.
Sign up for free
Membership
Access the best member-only stories.
Support independent authors.
Listen to audio narrations.
Read offline.
Join the Partner Program and earn for your writing.
Try for $5/month
Fashion
Rewards
Shopping
Earn Money Online
--
Written by Gigalogy
10 Followers
Bridging the Gap Between Technology and User Experience. Empowering Businesses to Unlock the Full Potential of AI.
Follow
