URL: https://tutorial.gigalogy.com/release_notes/

Title: Release notes - Gigalogy Tutorial

Content:
Gigalogy Tutorial
Gigalogy Tutorial
Overview
Account and Project creation
Credentials
Personalizer
MyGPT
API Reference
Release notes
Glossary
GAIP Release notes
Apr 5, 2024
New feature
questionnaire mapper now supports result format. User can setup how they want to see the questionnaire result. User can setup required categories and optional categories. Recommended items from POST /v1/questionnaire/recommend will be categorized based on that. Optional categories come with their inclusion condition as well.
Mar 27, 2024
New feature
From the GPT-Flow History table, you can now select which data (Query, response, feedback) you want to include in the training for future conversations and in which dataset.
Mar 27, 2024
New feature
Now POST /v1/gpt/ask API have multiple options to generate answer. This can be set as the value of the key conversation_type, question type does not consider any previous conversation history. chat type considers n previous conversation history while generating an answer. The length of the converstaion is defined by the parameter chat_history_length of GPT settings.
Mar 26, 2024
New features
In the same project, /gpt/ask API can now answer from both personalizer catalog and MyGPT datasets. Previously it could handle only one of the data sources.
Introducing "Profiles" for our GPT solutions! You can now create and save multiple profiles, each with its own settings . Users no longer have to manually adjust the GPT settings every time they switch between different tasks or needs.
Mar 20, 2024
New features
keyword extractor changed for japanese language. This is done to improve the quality of japanese language search capabilities. top_k can control how wide or controlled search a customer wants to do in terms of keywords.
questionnaire/recommend end point now has a new optional parameter called recommend_count. If it is set, the value of this parameter takes priority over recommend_count variable in questionnaire mapper.
Mar 16, 2024
New feature
gpt/ask and questionnaire/recommend endpoints, when providing response with product IDs, now can include any key that was set in the mapper.
Now it is easier to set how many product questionnaire/recommend will give, with the new key "recommend_count" in the mapper.
introducing top_k to items/search, gpt/ask, giving ability to controls the number of keywords to consider for document searching.
Bug Fix
questionnaire/recommend endpoint can now take Null values.
Mar 3, 2024
New feature
UI-Based Project Setup: Now set up Personalization Projects directly via the UI, including file uploads, data mapping, and model training.
Training History: View detailed training history in Project Settings for improved tracking and insights.
Manual Training: Initiate model training manually from the UI for greater control over your personalization strategies.
Jan 25, 2024
New features
Add an export button at the bottom of the GPT flow history table. Exports the Table as a CSV file for the specified time range
GAIP sidebar improved: Solutions are accessible directly now.
Big fix
Bug at trial project status and upgrade flow
Previous
API Reference
Next
Glossary
Made with Material for MkDocs
